---
title: 'THE FOOD OH GOD'
date: '06 November 2017'
---

It took me some time to spit this post out because it is the MOST TRAUMATIC
POST OF ALL. Restrictions on pregnant women these days around what they can eat
are ridiculous. Wait staff look at you like “Please just GTFO out of my
restaurant so I DON’T HAVE TO BE RESPONSIBLE for potentially murdering your
foetus”. This is way more serious than gluten intolerance people. The list is a
mile long: unpasteurised cheeses, soft serve, raw seafood, deli meats. Like
just kill me is this a motherfucking conspiracy or what? 

My first encounter was a real baptism of fire. I was locked into a brunch and
bubbles with my book club. Of course, the pee stick from the morning before had
other ideas. I turn up to the entry and the waitress is ready with a tray of
champagne ready to ply me and my girlfriends with alcohol as promised. I
politely take a glass to the table and sigh internally. I drop the news,
obviously delighted, (but somewhat sorrowful at the timing) to my girlfriends
and offer up my glass of champagne to someone else. Here’s to my first cheers
with water. The waitress then attends our table and when I advise her she
scowls a little, and indicates I could have let them know given it’s a set
menu. WELL I FOUND OUT FUCKING YESTERDAY BITCH. PERHAPS I SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT
OF CALLING YOUR ESTABLISHMENT BEFORE TELLING MY HUSBAND. MY PARENTS DON’T EVEN
KNOW YET SO YOU KNOW, FUCK YOU. She then proceeds to tell me I can have one
glass of champagne with all the confidence of my midwife (the first of many
people who would dole out free medical advice without invitation). She checked
in with me about what foods I couldn’t eat which I myself was still googling at
this point. I ended up saying “Just suck all the fun out of it”. AND THE NAME
AND CONCEPT OF SAID BLOG WAS BORN, CREDIT TO MY BOOK CLUB.  Every dish had to
be modified, smoked trout became quiche, alcohol soaked crepes became plain
crepes…and there the tone was set for the next 9 months. 

The shit thing is, the risk is so low as to be almost worth eating that poached
egg, but you feel so FUCKING GUILTY BECAUSE THE RISK IS REAL LIFE. I was so
tempted to just buy a soft serve the other day and I’m having this internal
rant at myself: “Did you really cook this kid for 33 weeks just to potentially
fucking kill it now, ALL SO YOU CAN SHOVEL IN A SOFT SERVE THAT ADDS NO
CALORIFIC VALUE TO YOU OR SAID CHILD?!” I skulked away from the Macca’s
counter, thwarted by my own guilt. 

The other hilarious thing is that the restrictions vary between countries as to
what is classified as hands off. I mean the French generally still drink and
eat all the cheese, they’d probably die otherwise. But you know the babes in
France also probably lob out of the womb with a robust Bordeaux in hand,
offering cheers to everyone in the delivery suite on their auspicious arrival.
The Japanese still maintain a solid raw fish diet whilst preggo. I would
fucking eat that shit up, because I would be very happy to put the safety of my
unborn in the hands of the Japanese. I am supremely confident they don’t even
know what food poisoning looks like, the fish probably jump out a freshwater
glacial pool onto the knife and straight onto the plate. Clearly I miss raw
fish and am dreaming about it on the reg.   

ALCOHOL…

…PAUSE FOR 8 MONTHS SILENCE…THAT’S THE EMPTY VOID OF ME NOT DRINKING. 

BUT THE SMELL IS OVERWHELMING MY FRIENDS. I’m not just talking about sticking
your nose in all your friend’s glasses which I do like a creep. They just hand
it over now. I could smell a cab sauv on a plane wafting past me recently. You
can smell complexity and have insight into the nature of the oak of the barrel
through your bloodhound nose in pregnancy. I feel like the protagonist in
Patrick Suskind’s perfume with this new found ability, lamenting the fact that
world does more often smell like a garbage dump than a field of lavender. BUT
WHEN YOU DO SMELL SOMETHING GOOD, MY GOD. Smell is taste my friends, and it’s
awfully cruel to be able to appreciate something fermented off the vine with
one newly heightened sense whilst completely denying the other. 

In closing, this kid had better be out by Christmas cause I have some feasting
to do.
