---
title: 'WAS IT PLANNED?'
date: '7 July 2017'
---

WHAT THE FUCK DOES THIS EVEN MEAN?? I’ve been asked often enough now to
be wondering what the fuck it is I’m putting out there that means this
question should be asked? My husband pondered as to whether it’s because I’m
just not the gushy type, so when I drop the news people are a bit confused.
Shit, I haven’t been announcing it like a funeral service.  I’m going to bail
every preggo person up I see and ask them the reenact their announcement so I
can see where I’m dropping the ball. Also, for the record, my husband for
once is right.  I’m not a gushy type, so it’s weird to me that this pregnancy
thing has people expecting you to turn into this pastel hued, muslin folding
stepford wife the minute the jizz train collides with the egg. 


SO MANY THINGS TO THINK ABOUT HERE.  I MEAN FUCK, IT’S RUDE RIGHT? Let’s
break this down anyway because I like pondering this shit. What are you
really asking when you ask a pregnant chick this question? I guess it boils
down to the real question, was it wanted? Are babies like a cheese burger
from Macca’s? You know, where it wasn’t planned, but now it kinda is cause I
just auto pilot pulled into drive-through on a whim and shovelled that shit
down without even thinking?

By way of background, I’m married, I’m 33 years old, I’m sort of in that zone
where people are wondering why the fuck I haven’t gotten around to popping
out a kid like it’s a fait accompli in life. I  get around to this whole baby
gig and suddenly they are like HOLD UP GIRL, IS THIS SHIT PLANNED? DO YOU
KNOW ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL? I DID NOT SEE A TEN YEAR OLD PINTEREST BOARD
MAPPING THIS SHIT OUT, OR A FEW SNEAKY FITSPO MUM FACEBOOK LIKES TO GIVE ME A
HEADS UP ABOUT YOUR PLANS YOU SNEAKY FUCKER. Maybe they have grave concerns
that I am ill equipped to parent…but if that’s the case, I’m probably too
stupid to realise this and therefore ensure I don’t “plan” a baby.


Granted, I haven’t gone around telling people I’m despo to jump on the family
band wagon, but equally, I have not been telling people a baby is not for me.
So what the hell are you asking me if I wanted it for?  Let’s suggest it
isn’t wanted. Are you so supremely confident that it is your business that
you think it’s ok to ask? And if it were your business, don’t you think you’d
already know the answer?  In the event I decide to brazenly confess it is not
wanted, are you there for me, my new unwanted friend, to have the awkward
ensuing conversation? Even if this weird question just fell the fuck out of
your mouth, WHY? That’s a weird question Brenda. Did you plan that hair
style? Sort that shit out.

WHEN THE FUCK DID JUST SAYING CONGRATULATIONS GO OUT OF FASHION? 
