---
title: 'BABIES BRING OUT A LOT OF INSECURITIES'
date: '21 October 2017'
---

“It’s really hard work”  
“You just wait, life is over!”  
“Sleep while you can, and go to dinner…oh and get your hair done!”  
“Get the epidural!”


The pithy words of martyrs. Firstly, you don’t fool me with your sanctimonious
down talk, and here’s why. Hard work has many interpretations, however a lot of
mothers will tell you they work ten times harder than the average female CEO
(the only two female CEO’s in the world probably). Part of the reason mothers
do work quite hard is because fathers can be fucking useless, which is a blog
 for another time.


But here’s the thing… absolute gronks have babies. They have seven of the
fuckers, AND THEY LIVE. Sure, they may not grow up into the most functional
adults, but neither did your sauv blanc swilling, mouth breathing mother’s
group compadre who insists you call her Kimberley instead of Kim. Her kid is
also a real turd isn’t he? 


It’s not actually hard work in the way that you are trying to sell it, parents.
YOU AREN’T SPECIAL OK. You are doing something that MOST people do in their
life time. I know you want a damn medal for waking up in the night and catching
a steaming turd in your hand but here’s the thing cupcake, YOU CHOSE TO SIGN UP
FOR THE TURD EXPRESS. I know a lot of it was a decision you were socialised
into, but YOU CAN’T TURN AROUND AND WHINE ABOUT IT NOW. Sure, whine about it in
the classic sense, like everyone whines about things that are giving them grief
in life. BUT DON’T ACT SO FUCKING SMUG ABOUT IT. ESPECIALLY SINCE I KNOW FOR A
FACT JANICE THAT YOU HAVE THREE KIDS. YOU ARE PREGNANT RIGHT NOW IN THE KITCHEN
OF OUR OFFICE FEEDING ME THIS BULLSHIT, WHICH TASTES LIKE THE SICKLY ORGANIC
PEACH PUREE YOU FED YOUR FIRST BORN. YOU’VE GONE THERE FOUR TIMES NOW, SO THERE
MUST BE SOMETHING IN IT FOR YOU, EVEN IF IT’S JUST BRAGGING RIGHTS. 


Most of the mothers who tell me to go and get my hair done can go fuck
themselves. Firstly, I don’t know how long you think a cut lasts, but there’s
no point getting a preppy bob done if it’s my last trip to the hairdresser.
Pretty sure my newborn isn’t going to give a fuck about whether I went for a
balayage or a gloss this time. But here’s the kicker, it’s not my last trip. If
you feel like you can’t be fucked getting hair cuts any more, or your
priorities have changed, that’s great. But don’t pretend you CANNOT POSSIBLY
TAKE AN HOUR OFF TO GET YOUR HAIR DONE. That’s bullshit, I’ve seen Mum’s with
good hair and it’s not because they are neglectful monsters. Sometimes, it’s
because their partner isn’t a fucking useless toe rag and is very happy to
parent their own child while Mum ponces off for a sassy new side fringe. You
don’t see Dads fronting up to other Dads telling them to batten down the
hatches cause hair cuts or off, or Fri beers are out of the question now.  


Anyone who has been through child birth, or was with someone in child birth,
will also be keen to tell you what to do. They will lay their traumatised eyes
on your belly and tell you to get a caesarean or an epidural.  Then you’ll go
home and see mummy blogs telling you that natural birth is the only way to
ensure your child can ever make it to university. Oh and men don’t look at your
partner’s vag. Nobody wants to see that passage is both an entry and an exit
hole. Everyone knows men just want to shove their dick in there and later
pretend the baby shot out her belly button. 


People are saying this shit to you to make themselves feel better about their
own experience. They want to make sure you don’t judge them for what they’ve
done, or what they have become. They also think parenthood is a club, and that
once you’ve made it there you are superior to everyone else because you are
raising a human being. They hope this is the case anyway because IT’S SO HARD…
AND I NEED TO KNOW HAVING KIDS IS THE MEANING OF LIFE LIKE EVERYONE TOLD ME! 


Well let’s see whether your human being turns out to be a fuckwit or not. Then
we’ll assess whether that was based solely on the fact you gave up cutting your
hair and had the epidural. Then we’ll give you the kudos you so richly crave. 
