---
title: 'PRAMS'
date: '29 September 2017'
---

I Don't Give a Fuck about Prams

This is a declaration right here. I fucking hate this shit. I hate talking about baby gear. It makes me feel like I am slipping quietly into a self induced coma. I wish that some government department just handed you all the things you need and everyone got the same stock standard shit. I would happily pay the bill for this. I mean, I didn’t even know a nasal sucker was a damn thing and I WAS A RICHER PERSON FOR THIS. I don’t want to then come to the chilling realisation there are 50 varieties of these fuckers. ALSO, A BREAST PUMP (affectionately dubbed a “milktator” by me) COSTS HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS. That’s a couple of cases of vineyard wine for shit’s sake, not that I haven’t kissed that life goodbye for awhile. My husband is considering donating some of our wine to others BECAUSE HE CAN’T DRINK IT ALL ALONE. CAN YOU IMAGINE THIS FEELING? I WANT TO HUG ALL THE BOTTLES TO MY BURGEONING BOSOM AND BEG HIM TO RECONSIDER. I EARNED THAT SOUTH AUSTRALIAN TEMPRANILLO; IT TASTES LIKE MEMORIES OF RUNNING THROUGH GREEN VINES WITH A FLAT STOMACH. BUT SOME OF THAT SHIT IS JUST WHITE GRAPES FERMENTING IN THE RACK AND I KNOW WHAT HE MUST DO. 

Anyway, people who have had kids want to know if you have bought anything, and they want to know this pretty early on. It might be a polite inquiry based on their own experience; they might just be champing at the bit to give you advice. My sister tells me it’s her and Mum’s way of letting me know they have anxiety about the fact that I have bought zero things yet, whilst simultaneously thrusting my niece and nephew’s used onesies at me. Thank god nobody has yet asked me if I’ve “designed” the nursery. I was watching Juno the other night and that part where Jason Bateman’s character doubts the likelihood of their impending infant coming out “demanding dessert coloured walls” REALLY SPEAKS TO ME. 

People also want to give you their old baby shit. Some of this comes from a good place and I am grateful to these people for allowing me to be as tight as possible when it comes to this kid. But they’ll also want to give things to you whether they are utter crap, totally unusable or otherwise. When someone on Facebook found out I was preg, I got a message from them offering me their recyclables. I HAVEN’T SPOKEN TO THIS PERSON IN WHAT FEELS LIKE TWO YEARS. I DON’T EVEN KNOW THEM. I can’t even politely verify the quality of these offerings. The best part is when you take some of these offerings and realise you’ve been handed a steaming pile of garbage. Then you have to donate or throw the items out for said donator. WELL PLAYED FUCKER. I mean seriously what better way to feel good within yourself about helping another parent when really you’re just throwing out the trash? As an example to show I’m not a snob, at least in this regard, I got given a pile of maternity clothes from a churchie who is my sister in law’s sister in law. It was a mixture of sixties hippie costume attire and t shirts that had been purchased at Disneyland. THAT WAS FUCKING CREEPY. I’M NOT READY TO DEBASE MYSELF TO THAT LEVEL. 

I brought this on myself in many ways as well because I don’t want a baby shower. Every time someone has asked me to their baby shower I have cried internally. I usually turn up hungover and ready to tune out convos about episiotomies, nipple chafing and queries about my own barren womb.  Now how the fuck after whining about this for years am I gonna turn around and ask other people to attend mine? Not to mention I can’t turn up drunk or hungover to my own baby shower, so there’s no way I am equipped to handle it. 

Prams are like buying a car, but a shit car you can’t do anything fun with. So like, a Kia.  Unfortunately, because they are so fucking complicated, variable and expensive people will definitely want to run you through that process. A relative asked me if I’d bought one recently and I just said “Nup”. I didn’t follow up with a damn thing, CASE CLOSED. I mean I had a glance at a few online and that led to me buying myself two new apple watch bands. I sparked a convo with my husband about it at brunch one morning until we both got so bored he offered to just sort it out. He has figured out cup holders are the most valuable asset for these kiddie carts so I feel like he’s got the right priorities around this. THANK YOU.  The other awesome thing he proposed was “let’s just buy everything online”.  ARE THERE ANY SWEETER WORDS IN THE MODERN WORLD?! THAT MEANS I DON’T EVEN NEED TO GO INTO A BABY SHOP DO YOU HEAR?! THAT’S THE SOUND OF ME LIVING MY LIFE! 
