---
title: 'PUT HIM DOWN “SOMEWHERE”'
date: '22 February 2018'
---

Why do we talk about babies in terms of “regression” and “controlled
crying” and “schedules”? What is this? Boot camp? A domestic violence
relationship? It’s a fucking baby, why do people want it to come out
knowing how to live it’s best life and deny it what it wants and needs
to grow? You see, the hard truth is, a baby does know how to live it’s
best life. It is boring as shit. First preference would be to return
straight back up your vag to the womb. But in sloppy second it wants
it’s parents, food, affection, and consistency with a bit of a chance
to perve at and experience the world from a safe place. It’s also
inconvenient for you, esp since you’re raising it without a tribe.
It’s you that wants the baby to become a coffee date, sleep for seven
hours straight, be able to swivel it’s head 360 degrees and fit in
with your trip to hairdresser precisely when you want to leave. You
want this because you’re a cunt, OR more likely because society says
you should be able to do it all when really “doing it all” looks like
keeping a baby alive all day and night. If you’re me it’s both, I am
truly a cunt. 

Society tells you that you need to control that baby before it
controls you. Then these people leave you and possibly your partner to
it, alone, without any support other than firing bullets of
contradiction from a busted ass arm chair with a rifle made of
bullshit. 

I had my podge wrinkle in a baby carrier the other day so he could
sleep, and was semi-less traumatised for a visit to the relos. Frankly
I wish someone would put me in a carrier for this experience also. My
grandfather straight up gave the astute advice that I should “put him
down somewhere”. I cannot wait to read his article in the next issue
of the Asia Pacific Journal of Paediatrics soon, “Chapter three,
Storing your child in a drawer”. My father in law explained I
shouldn’t spoil him and “he’ll get used to it”. God these men are so
confident, THEY MUST HAVE BEEN SUCH INVOLVED AND OBSERVANT FATHERS FOR
THEIR TIME, NOT TO MENTION HAD GREAT FATHER FIGURES THEMSELVES
AMMIRITE. 

“Get used to what?” I say, “Sleeping calmly on his mother?”  MY GOD
YOU’RE RIGHT, HOW COULD I LET MY THREE MONTH OLD MANIPULATE ME LIKE
THIS?! These babies are crafty cunts people. They need to be fucking
taught a lesson all right. Get the rod. 

There’s a little known phenomenon called “attachment” dicks, and shame
back in your day it wasn’t a thing. I’m sorry some quack or lady over
the road told you your baby had to be given the hard line. Parents
want to justify what they are doing or have done as well, so they are
happy to chant advice at you like it’s holy water. The same tired old
advice is still kicking around quite strongly thanks to modern society
dulling our empathy and instincts, and these people I describe passing
on bad advice to their offspring. The medical profession and doctor
Google aren’t much better sadly, medicalising and chucking a negative
spin on every normal developmental stage and turning a learning
experience for all into boot camp. Maybe it didn’t feel right at the
time, but it’s “best for the baby”, otherwise they’ll never learn. My
kid has the memory of a fucking goldfish. He gets excited by the wall
next to the change table EVERY FUCKING TIME. EXCEPT TODAY. FOR SOME
REASON HE DECIDED TO SCREAM EVERY TIME I HAD THE AUDACITY TO WIPE SHIT
OFF HIS ASS NEAR THAT WALL. HE IS NOT ACTIVELY LEARNING ANY SELF
SUFFICIENCY LESSONS ANY TIME SOON. Most adults haven’t grasped this
concept yet. Also, if you’re the product of not being “spoiled” I’ll
take one less cock head in the world thanks. I’ll bet my engorged left
tit Trump was put in his cot to scream alone on the reg. 

Look I get it. You think I don’t want five minutes to take a shit and
enjoy a flat white? Do I want to sleep a full night again? SOME DAYS I
WANT THEM SO BAD MY TEETH HURT. But hey, I get those things, I just
value them way more than I ever did, because I don’t just take for
granted I can have things whenever I want. And maybe that’s a good
thing. Maybe this coffee drinking, instagramming brat is the one
learning. So is my little bobble headed burrito, I drag him to events
or happily leave him with his Dad so I can have an identity of my own
on some level. Do give yourself permission to have this. 

One day when my twenty one year old crawls out of his carrier I’ll
drink coffees all day, take a shit alone (all at the same time) and
congratulate myself on a job well done. 
