---
title: 'Back'
date: '21 February 2018'
---

After shooting my beloved block head (as he’s affectionately known)
out my vag a few weeks earlier than anticipated, it’s time. Well, I
wish I “shot“ him out, he took his sweet ass time and 23 hours of
labour, but who needs another traumatic labour story in their lives?
He’s three months old now so who the fuck knows what day it is, the
things I’ve seen or how I got here. Anyway I could bore you with
“poo-splosions’ or witching hour talk, like so many insipid mothers I
listen to, but I’m here today to talk about advice and who you should
be talking to. I’m not going to bother with grammar because sleep
deprivation is real #thuglife.

Firstly, Google as always is your ultimate frenemy. But now you’re
sleep deprived worse than any shift worker, because it isn’t shifts
baby. You are not going to get a full eight hours sleep for some time
and there’s no way to prepare for that. I HAVE NOT SLEPT ANYWHERE NEAR
A FULL NIGHT’S SLEEP SINCE NOVEMBER 2017. But you made the choice to
have kiddies dear reader, so you’d better suck it up and put your
grown up pants on now.

You’ll start by worrying the kid is going to drop dead for some reason
the minute they are born. They don’t come with instructions, or as
you’ll find out, an “off” switch. So natch you’ll be googling every
fart, cry and expression. “Guilty Mum” also kicks in, that beaut
socialisation women have had thrust upon them telling you that you
aren’t doing good enough at 4 in the damn morning… or “no, you should
not have left them for even five seconds to change your pad”. You have
a lot of hormones kicking around that would make even the most solid
human ball their fucking eyes out and rock in a corner. And any level
of anxiety or self confidence issues you might have emerge to a
hideous fever pitch right into your sinus cavities. I don’t suffer to
any great degree with either of these and I have had moments. Luckily
my husband knows how to jump start me and starts directing me to have
snacks and naps like a toddler (the irony). And if you don’t drink
caffeine, FUCKING START. GET SOME VICES UP YA, YOU’LL NEED THEM.
Anyway the point is when googling, be careful, when you are sleep
deprived every worry is magnified. I am pretty pragmatic, but god I
have been squirrels over the weirdest shit. I look like Cersei
Lannister trying to take the seven kingdoms when anyone touches my
bottled expressed breast milk without permission. Well I think I look
like that, with a leaky bra top, ratchet hair and my general haggard
appearance, I believe I actually resemble Gollum or worse, Constance
Hall.

Google is a swirling vortex of endless advice. I mean it’s good we
don’t like just put the kid to bed on their face anymore (some of us),
because we can google how that shit should be done, but we also don’t
need a Mamamia forum judging us for letting the father bottle feed the
kid in the night so you can get some shut eye. But the worst advice
can actually come from much closer than that… from home. My sister has
two kids, she and my mother are pretty good at farming out unwanted
advice and passive aggressive criticism. “Are you sure you aren’t
feeding him too much”? Ugh, like seriously fuck off. Mum, your advice
is thirty years old; and sis, you have a sample size of two kids you
haven’t killed and suddenly you’re a lactation consultant. Fuck me.
You want to talk to your family and close friends naturally people.
But if they are making you feel like shit, confusing the fuck out of
you, or question your instincts, IGNORE THE SHIT OUT OF THEM, or maybe
tell them to fuck off if you’re feeling more direct. I mean maternal
instincts do not get enough cred right? It’s not like the mother
animals at the waterhole rock up and hold a mother’s group about the
best way to latch their kid onto the teet, they just fucking know what
to do, trial and error bitches. They don’t have Google, or self doubt,
or a cunty mother in law.

Fortunately however the silver lining is we all have good friends and
family who have been there, or even friends who haven’t, but know what
to do. They bring food, or take you out if you can be fucked, talk to
you about the outside world, or just listen and empathise. Surround
yourself with this shit. If someone is offering advice in a “this
worked for me but take it with a grain of salt kind of fashion”,
you’ve struck gold. Keep that person close and maybe sneakily ask them
to babysit in future.
